hey guys um I just got plugging in the
mail and I am going to open her and
hopefully you guys can see this because
I'm not really sure if I'm using my
tripod so I can do this two hands and I
ripped the box already a little bit by
accident
whatever okay we use a box oh my god
she's so pretty
my sister refuses to let me call myself
shades adventure because it was her
account originally Claudine was my
sister's account originally so I'm not
really sure if you guys can see that or
not
here she is um okay we're gonna go in
the back oh come on
don't answer it it's mammy that would be
my girl
um I can't answer it right now um I'm
pretty excited bout um raw I might have
to switch your cans I'm not really sure
what I'm going to call it home if I have
to make a new account um probably call
it like princess H or something so I was
like my grade six nickname or something
and uh no I'm just kind of cutting
everything out
I like her already I hope you guys can
see this in this stuff too bad quality
sorry kind of try to get the elastics
around her head just making sure to get
everything off so I don't like her you
don't have this here checking on me
every few seconds to my shame oh pretty
okay
so ended up cutting out no um I'm not
really sure their head is supposed to
look like that
so you other Monster High doll owners
let me know but I like her she's so
pretty
hmm her hand is currently attached to
her skirt so I'll just quickly um me and
my mom were watching Furry Vengeance so
I'm not really sure okay so that's what
her hands look like apparently they come
off but I don't really want to pull it
off I'm kind of nervous too
I don't plan to either I guess you kind
of have to get her jacket off but I
don't really want to take her clothes
off okay so flashy um her clothes is
really good quality I love her shoes um
as I've heard from others her feet are
not know her feet aren't poseable like
the live dolls I don't have any out
right now um trying not to be the video
too much um sorry for the not to good
quality I'm just I'm trying to use my
tripod why just because
yeah okay so I really like climbing
she's pretty I would have got lacunae
she's my favorite
Monster High girl I would have got
Laguna but she was really expensive I
got her on eBay
like ten dollars for the doll another 10
bucks for shipping she's got like golden
eyes she's got full teeth her ears are
um like movable plastic like this but
they're not they won't come off
yeah they're fully attached to her head
um their legs Bend this much so they can
like sit down I guess like this people
said that you can cross their legs like
this it's sort of works like I think it
was xx fancy I'm not really sure but
this is what her top looks like oh well
that's cute so what her top looks like
when it's like not fully it's a cute
table I like Clawdeen clogging I like
her attitude in the show and everything
I love their hands they're like how
they're really spread apart and
everything I think this is Mattel's best
life well sorry there's a muffin is
bugging me um sorry just kicked my
tripod um here is clogging of her shoes
it looks like they're like high flat
like wedges I love that kind of shoe
they're comfortable I guess you could
say but like I don't know uh let's take
out the rest of her stuff she can just
chill here I guess I like I like her
she's my first Monster High doll
let's continue not really sure if you
can see this or not so her purse I'm
excited for her little kitty pet um
people say she comes with a coat put on
line but I'm not really sure there's
Crescent a little cat she's kind of
squishy a little bit with the ball like
that sure hairbrush I love the Monster
High simple it's really cute um - diary
so here is Clawdeen got her purse her
diary her cat crescent her hairbrush and
Clawdeen herself
I like the streaks in her hair it's very
pretty
thanks for watching bye